[CIAPP-3594] Explain custom tags for CI visibility circleci integration (#13057)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_pipelines/circleci.md

2. Click **Add Webhook** to save the new webhook.

### Setting custom tags

> To set custom tags to all the pipeline and job spans generated by the integration, add to the **Webhook URL** a URL-encoded query parameter `tags`, with `key:value` pairs separated by commas. If the tag pair contains any commas, quotes are needed. For example, to add `key1:value1,"key2: value with , comma",key3:value3`, the following string would need to be appended to the **Webhook URL**:

Reviewer: I have one more wording suggestion to make this part clearer:

```suggestion
To set custom tags to all the pipeline and job spans generated by the integration, add to the **Webhook URL** a URL-encoded query parameter `tags`, with `key:value` pairs separated by commas. If a key:value pair contains any commas, surround it with quotes. For example, to add `key1:value1,"key2: value with , comma",key3:value3`, the following string would need to be appended to the **Webhook URL**:
```

2. Click **Add Webhook** to save the new webhook.

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a subsection here like this?

```suggestion

### Setting custom tags
```

> To set custom tags, add to the **Webhook URL** a URL-encoded query parameter `tags`, with `key:value` pairs separated by commas. If the tag pair contains any commas, quotes are needed. For example, to add `key1:value1,"key2: value with , comma",key3:value3`, the following string would need to be appended to the
> **Webhook URL**: `?tags=key1%3Avalue1%2C%22key2%3A+value+with+%2C+comma%22%2Ckey3%3Avalue3`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set custom tags to all the pipeline and job spans generated by the integration, add to the **Webhook URL** a URL-encoded query parameter `tags`, with `key:value` pairs separated by commas. If the tag pair contains any commas, quotes are needed. For example, to add `key1:value1,"key2: value with , comma",key3:value3`, the following string would need to be appended to the **Webhook URL**: `?tags=key1%3Avalue1%2C%22key2%3A+value+with+%2C+comma%22%2Ckey3%3Avalue3`
```

Author: did you just put everything in the same line? I don't think that changes anything in the rendered markdown
